Lauren Passes with a distinction
2020-08-08
Lauren
https://78e9261a507e8981ffac-70aab01fe958f99f680767e24fd13522.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/Lauren%20Diploma/lauren_1.jpg
https://78e9261a507e8981ffac-70aab01fe958f99f680767e24fd13522.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/Lauren%20Diploma/lauren_fb.jpg

Base Hairdressing opened with the aim to train and develop the next generation of hairstylists to the best standard possible. We work side by side with Paragon Skills, the UK's leading apprenticeship training provider, who carry out all the assessments and back up our practical training.

Last year the Level 2 Diploma changed to a new format involving a single end-point assessment! One of our apprentices, Lauren, was the first of our team to be put on the new system - last week she had her end-point assessment.

I asked her to write a blog about it...

"It doesn't feel like 2 and a half years since I walked in the salon ready to be the next apprentice, from brushing the hair off the floor to actually starting to run my own column! The FINAL exam date came closer and closer. We had constant training from theory to practical in between learning the ropes of Jakata & Paul Kemp Hairdressing, helping assist on the busier days.

A date was set for the exam to take place in July, the exam being a 6 hour practical with two clients demonstrating a variety of skills and techniques needed to be achieved whilst being watched by an independent assessor. 

When the exam date actually came after weeks of stressing and meltdowns I was actually excited to do it, even though it was being assessed everything I did, by an independent assessor. I just thought it was best to just pretend it was like any other normal day in the salon with the clients which put my mind at ease. 

Everything I did was being watched closely by the examiner. She was taking notes and taking pictures of every different thing I did on each client. I was being timed for both sets of services, service one being long cut (one length and long layers) into a curly blowdry with pin curls. I then had dress that out so she could take a picture and create a hair up with 80% of the hair up, all in 3 hours! Service two was an all over colour and foils to change depth and tone and a short creative restyle (3 hours for this also). 

I had to also schedule my dinner and clean up breaks in between and leave time at the end for questions from the assessor that were recorded. Even though the pressure was on the atmosphere in the salon was chilled so put me at ease.

I finished feeling happy with my work but apprehensive about whether I'd done enough!

Two days went by after the exam and I got my results back - I passed!!! With a DISTINCTION💇🏼‍♀️ 🙌"

**Well done to Lauren who is our first Base candidate to qualify - with many more to follow. She's definitely set the standard!**

*If you're interested in a career in hairdressing apply here:*

[www.basehairdressing.com/joinus](https://www.basehairdressing.com/joinus)

